feat: implement this silly goose (#1)
wolfenrain/goose: README.md

<a href="https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-purple.svg" alt="License: MIT"></a>
</p>

---

Just as geese migrate, you too can migrate your code with the help of Goose.

---

> Goose is a minimalistic migration framework that has no opinions on how you should migrate, it only provides a structure to do so.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Goose is a minimal migration framework that has no opinions on how you should migrate, it only provides a structure to do so.
```

> You can use Goose wherever you want, with whatever you want. May that be [Flutter](https://flutter.dev) with [Isar](https://isar.dev) or [Dart Frog](https://dartfrog.vgv.dev) with [Hive](https://pub.dev/packages/hive) or X with Y, this silly goose can do it all!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use Goose wherever you want, with whatever you want. Whether that's [Flutter](https://flutter.dev) with [Isar](https://isar.dev) or [Dart Frog](https://dartfrog.vgv.dev) with [Hive](https://pub.dev/packages/hive) or X with Y, this silly goose can do it all!
```

the migration key and of course your migrations:

```dart
import 'package:goose/goose.dart';

class MyMigration extends Migration {
  const MyMigration() : super('my_unique_migration_id', description: 'My optional description');

  /// Called when this migration is being reverted.
  Future<void> down() async {
    ...
  }

  /// Called when this migration is being applied.
  Future<void> up() async {
    ...
  }
}

void main() async {
  // We are just storing the key in-memory, but normally you would store this in a database for 
  // persistance.
  int? migrationKey;

  final goose = Goose(
    // Called whenever Goose needs the current migration key.
    retrieve: () async => migrationKey,
    // Called whenever Goose wants to store the next migration key.
    store: (key) async => migrationKey = key,
    // List of all the migrations that Goose has to handle.
    migrations: const [
      MyMigration(),
      ...
    ],
  );

  // Migrate all the way up through all our migrations.
  await goose.up();

  // Migrate all the way down through all our migrations.
  await goose.down();
}
```

### Migrating up and down to a certain migration

> In the above example we called `goose.up` to migrate all the way up but you can also pass a migration id to migrate up that given migration:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the above example we called `goose.up` to migrate all the way up but you can also pass a `migration id` to migrate up that given migration:
```
yah or nah?

```dart
void main() {
  final goose = Goose(
    retrieve: () async => ...
    store: (key) async => ...,
    migrations: const [
      MyMigration(),
      ...
    ],
  );

  // This will migrate up to that specific migration.
  await goose.up(to: 'my_specific_migration');
}
```

> The same can be done with the `down`, keep in mind that the migration you specific wont be migrated down.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The same can be done with the `down`, but keep in mind that the migration you specify won't be migrated down.
```

If you want to check if there is something to go up or down to you can use the `canUp` and `canDown` methods:

```dart
void main() {
  final goose = Goose(
    retrieve: () async => ...
    store: (key) async => ...,
    migrations: const [
      MyMigration(),
      ...
    ],
  );

  // This will migrate up to that specific migration.
  await goose.up(to: 'my_specific_migration');
  if (await goose.canUp()) {
    // Still more to migrate.
    ...
  }
}
```

### Listening to migration state changes

We can also listen to changes to the migration state:

```dart
void main() {
  final goose = Goose(
    retrieve: () async => ...
    store: (key) async => ...,
    migrations: const [
      MyMigration(),
      ...
    ],
  );

  /// For each migration being migrated up or down, the migrations stream will be triggered.
  goose.migrations.listen((migrations) {
    for (final migration in migrations) {
      print('${migration.name} has the description "${migration.description}" and is ${migration.isMigrated ? 'migrated' : 'not migrated'}');
    }
  })

  await goose.up();
}
```

> And if you want to retrieve the current state of the migrations:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
And if you want to retrieve the current state of the migrations:
```
singular or plural here?

Author: Plural, nice check tho!

Reviewer: so one state, multiple migrations? if so, good to go
